The Joe Rogan experience. Hello, Hannibal.
What's happening, man. Good to see you, my friend to see you too.
It's been a while. Last time I saw you was in Thailand, it was in Tyler.
I was two years, two years. 2018. Yeah. Yeah. That was random.
That was very relevant. That's.
So crazy to me. We had dinner hung out in Thailand. I was like, this is wild.
Yeah.
Yeah. At the, uh, it.
Was in Chiang Mai. Yeah. Yeah. I was doing more tired. Yeah.
That's crazy.
So you just decided just up and decided I'm going to go there by myself
for several months. I just a month. Oh,
you went for a month and train more Thai. Yeah.
I needed to, uh,
I needed a reset after doing tag.
I wanted to kind of just reset my brain after doing so much press because
it was a lot of press and a lot of just, you know, repetition.
And so I was like,
I need to go do something extreme to get into a
totally different zone. What was that?
Have you ever trained more time before then? No.
What was it glasses the first day.
So I went and in Bangkok first I went to
class. I just went to one and then my camp was in Polecat. Ah,
and so the is all of the, all the gyms are outside.
So the warmup, I was drenched in sweat at night, 10 minutes warm up. I was like,
oh, this is, this is good. But it was, it was dope, man. It was just, it was,
it was nice to, I stayed on the camp for a little bit. So it was,
it was nice to just have that focus and live there and
be there and just, uh, work out and lean into it.
It was cool. How.
Into it? Did you get, did you ever, were you ever like hit in the pads going?
I think I should take a fight.
Nah, no, I don't take a fight. I, uh, but it was, it was some times where,
uh, my, my kicks I'm bowlegged at, so my kicks are weird.
So like doing a roundhouse, I wouldn't be able to,
so my elbows were decent in my knees.
And so some of the trainers, they call it, they started, uh,
that was my nickname. It was elbow.
Elbow, elbow, but my kicks.
Will be so weak. They will be so weak.
It just like hit the pad and they have a pitiful sound. It's.
Not a thing that comes easily, especially, you know,
when you're in your thirties and you're just starting to train, like my tie is,
there's like th to move your legs like that. And that kind of dexterity,
it takes a while. It's a slow gradual build.
Yes. The,
the hips have to be looser and it was just,
but I'm also, bowlegged so certain yoga things that I can't do,
or even sitting Indian style, but you.
Seem normal when you're walking around. How are you both?
Because I know some dudes that are really bowlegged, my walk is a little.
Bit, it has a little bit to it. And when I run,
it gets really crazy.
I don't look how I think I look in my head while I'm walking.
I think the music in my head is dune.
To do to them. But my walk is kind of broken. My walk is way weird.
I look at on camera. Who is that guy? And what causes.
Boldness? Is it a anatomy thing?
Mattamy thing. Yeah. It's going to stand up. So yeah,
sorta my knees don't touch. So it's, uh, it seemed normal.
I'm not saying we're not crazy, but.
It's just, it, it, it affects my roundhouse game, you know?
Mm.
I could help you with that. I guarantee you, I bet some stretches and uh,
some learning how to do it slowly.
The thing about a roundhouse kicks and any kicks in general is, uh,
people try to do them like fast and you really want to learn them slow.
You want to learn, like you got to resist the urge to try to hit things.
What you really want to do is just go through the motion,
just go through the motion, just slow and do that for a long period of time,
like many, many, many weeks before guys try to like,
and then you wind up kicking up and you put all the strain on your ligaments and
your supporting leg. Cause you're not pivoting. They themselves.
And then it's hard to unlearn that. See one, when you learn something,
if you learn it wrong, like when I used to teach the worst,
students were students that learn something wrong. You would think like, oh,
I already have five years of karate and this and that. And I'm like, oh great.
This should be good. It was never good. It was the opposite.
You're better off taking a young kid with no experience at all.
They can get way better, way faster, because they don't have any bad habits.
Because as soon as you get nervous or as soon as you get tired,
you go right back to your bad habits. You go back to your,
so you have to relearn everything.
Yeah. It was, uh, seeing the kids.
I went to some of the fights out there and it's wild. Seeing the kids in a,
in the undercard, where are you seeing? Seven year olds. Crazy. Right. Fight it.
Hey, this is wrong. But I got to see the main event too.
So I can't leave culture. It.
Is, it is, it feels wrong, but it's their culture.
And it's also how a lot of the families make money. I mean,
they literally send their kid off to the camp.
But I was all, I was trying to figure it out. And so it's,
it's part of the culture. It's national sport,
but it doesn't seem, uh, you know, you have people, uh, it's,
it's some, some fighters that are legends there,
there's the equivalent to Mike Tyson or something.
And you could probably get a private with them for 400 bucks.
So what's going on with the model over there
where it's been a national sport for a while, but it,
it seems like the money isn't there as it's corruption or what happened.
Well, first of all, it's very inexpensive to go to the fights. You know,
that everything's inexpensive in Thailand and I mean,
everyone is wearing flip-flops right. It's an interesting place. Like, um,
my friend, John lean par went there when he was a boy. Uh,
he was a young teenager and lived there, lived as a monk. You know,
he's a Australian multiple time world, Moya Thai champion. And he,
he spent like a good deal of his time growing up there and really embraced the
culture. And he's like, they're just, first of all, it's the land of smiles.
Like everyone's, everyone's friendly.
Like one of the things I noticed they're like,
people are genuinely very friendly. There's very little materialism there.
People are generally happy with like wearing a pair of shorts. It's never a hot,
cold out. So you could wear shorts and flip flops.
And that's how everybody's walking around.
And I don't think there's a lot of money in the business. You know,
I think there's enough tanks. The king thinks it king takes a lot. Wait,
remember we took a picture in front of the king. We did got a picture.
I was like, I don't know if we should post this,
like you and me put smiling in front of a picture of the king.
Like you might get in trouble for that. There's weird rules over there.
The king, the king. I.
Actually had a bit about him. I cut it. Not because I was scared,
but just because it didn't fit, but it's about how he,
you know, you have to stand up, uh,
during the national Anthem and they play it at certain times during the day and
they play it before the movies.
So I went to the movies out there to see ad man too.
And after the previews,
the king of Thailand's hype video comes on and everybody has to
stand up in the movie in the movie theater,
but it was the worst produced.
It was a terrible video.
I seen Instagram fitness models with better videos.
And the king of star is like, you're the king?
Get some king like production value. And I know top-notch editors. I don't.
Think Thailand is known for its like films.
He needs to get on Fiverr or something.
I don't work for fiber vitals. Maybe lost.
All the money quippy. What's it called? Is that it Quimby? Yeah.
Maybe get on that.
No, no, he needs it. Cause he was you.
The king and you putting your stuff in a Marvel movie.
She that with his mistress, he had an official mistress,
but she up and she got demoted. And so she had a, like a,
like bow down in front of him in front of everybody. Like she was talking like,
uh, the, the mistress probably wanted to be the queen.
Like look at her there she's like begging for forgiveness. Oh,
my kid makes mistress lie at his feet and make her his, what does it say.
As he makes our heads?
What does it say? There it's from the sun, but it's official.
That was when she was the official concubine, uh, attended by his wildly.
They were wife in all capitals. But Denny demoted her. This is,
this is when she became the official concubine. And by the way,
I think that was the first time anybody had an official concubine,
like a hundred years.
That's that's the that's this is the flashlight.
I don't let her hope. I don't let her. Oh, I love you. Look,
I'll shame that in front of everybody look a lie down at his feet.
Look, you. It's weird.
It's like the keys only see us. You see that's bonk.
He's the only baller the.
Only, but like everyone else is just kind of normal there.
It's scaring his wife here. She the same thing. Oh, the wifi do the same.
Wow. And she's pouring tea on her head. What is that?
And other people's laying down. Are they cleaning.
For God? He good for him. They seem to love him.
He used to be the aisle. She was a former,
she was a soldier, body guard, former.
Body guard. Okay.
You take that weird hat off and come live with me.
That's a microphone cover. That's this?
That's this take that hat off. Stop chatting that stuff.
Let's go have some tape.
I did enjoy Thailand though. I enjoyed it.
That's a good time. Yeah. Um,
I went back last year. Did you the same thing? Who was that?
Just for a little bit, not the coming on their crop top.
What is this?
The Monarch even threatened to Sue Facebook over the startling shots taken in
2016 by a passer-by who recognized the king?
Yeah. Oh, that's the king yoga class. Wait a minute.
Cell cycle. Well.
She, she has to wear the crazy hat and he's got to wear sport. He was a Munich.
Oh.
He kicking it. Okay.
Yeah, that law's over there. So.
People,
I saw something about someone got put in jail for liking a post
making fun of the King's dog. Yeah. I saw that too. Just
if he's in.
That's just how he likes to rock it.
He likes a tank tops that show his belly button. That's cool.
Yeah. That's I'm the king. Yeah. Yeah. He's the king.
If I was the king of Thailand, I dress like that too. you gonna do?
Yeah. You can get a lot of trouble for making fun over there. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess we not going back. Well,
we probably shouldn't for a couple of years. Cambodia. It is.
Man. I want to go see, uh, have you ever seen, um, let way,
do you know what that is? No. That's like, if you think Thai boxing is extreme,
they take it another level.
Let's way they use headbutts and they kick you when you're down.
They do all kinds of crazy. Yeah. Nah, yeah.
Kick the kicked while down this. This is, it looks it's too intense.
So we had David LaDuc who's the, uh, the king of left way.
He came on the podcast. He's a wild man. He's a wild man.
Yeah. I think about, oh, they're bare knuckle too.
Yeah. I just want some cardio there's no, that's.
Okay. This is how they fight the bare knuckles.
They just it's basically like Moya tie,
but way where more hardcore, like see that you can Nia dude,
on when he's on his way down, it's just, it's way more hardcore.
It's like one more level of hardcore and headbutts a lot of headbutts.
Yeah, but they basically use all the techniques of more tie,
but they just take it to a totally different level. This.
The second time I went, when I went to, um, Cole Savoy,
uh, in, uh, last year and uh, his girl, I was seeing,
she, we,
we go to a couple of classes and I didn't know she had done more
Thai before,
so we w we had a private and she was lighting the
bag up with the kids. Oh no. I was like,
oh, and then I didn't get out there. And my bow legged kicks.
Then the train is like, come on, you wouldn't do bad. Oh, no,
let's not do kicks.
[inaudible].